Document use of `allow_concurrent_runs` with long-running tasks (#20539)
zed-industries/zed: docs/src/tasks.md

`task: spawn` opens a modal with all available tasks in the current file.
`task: rerun` reruns the most-recently spawned task. You can also rerun tasks from task modal.

> If you have indefinitely-running tasks that you need to restart on `task: rerun`, set `allow_concurrent_runs` to `true` and `use_new_terminal` to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, rerunning tasks reuses the same terminal (due to the "use_new_terminal": false default) but wait for the previous task to finish before start (due to the "allow_concurrent_runs": false default).

Keep "use_new_terminal": false and set "allow_concurrent_runs": true to allow cancelling previous tasks on rerun.
```
